Excuse me.
A night pearl in the East China Sea is worth 10 million
How could it be ten million
Ten million. No, I heard you right
You are a courier.
Something that can afford 10 million
You only earn 3,000 yuan a month
How is it possible to send such an expensive item?
This East China Sea Night Pearl is indeed a good thing
But this history
Ye Wanting
You gave it to him again, right?
No, I said Shenyang.
An old man
What's the matter with you always relying on a pussy?
Are you ashamed?
Ye Wanting, you have disappointed us so much.
Bring such a trash to disrupt my father's birthday party
I didn't even bring a gift
I look at him
Just to humiliate my father
Shen Yan and I are already married
What's mine is naturally his.
Why can't I give it for him?
Goddamn thing
Are you giving me something from our Ye family?
Are you fooling my old man?
I don't recognize this marriage
Hahaha, you guys are so hot.
Who says I don't wear my own thin face?
Then take it out and open our eyes